I used the Python Shell Script Editor and uploaded my .py file.

The role associated with the Glue job must have access to S3, Secrets Manager and Redshift.
The GlueService role is also needed so that Cloudwatch logs are accessible for the job.

The IAM role in the COPY command within the Glue job must be the same as the IAM role associated with the Redshift cluster.
This role must have access to S3 because we need to be able to execute COPY commands on Redshift cluster.

You need to create a "Connection" under AWs Glue Studio -> Connectors and associate that Connection with the job.
Without this, i was getting the "Connection timed out" error when connecting to Redshift.

When you create a Connection like this and associate your Glue job to this connection, the job begins to run in the particular VPC / subnet and hence S3 might become unreachable for the job. I was getting the error "VPC S3 endpoint validation failed for SubnetId". So i went to the VPC section of the AWS console and created an endpoint of type Gateway for S3 service in us-east-1 region in the VPC where the Redshift Connection was created. So the Glue job cano connect to S3 through this S3 endpoint.

I also created an endpoint of type interface for SecretsManager.
Without this, the job was running continuously without throwing any error.

Now, the job was able to connect to Redshift, Secrets Manager as well as S3 and completed fine.

So things to check when Glue job is failing:

1. Make sure a "Redshift Connection" is created and associated with the job.
2. See if the Security Group associated with the Redshift cluster allows Redshift Inbound Traffic on port 5439.
3. Make sure a VPC endpoint is created for S3, Secrets Manager in the VPC of your Connection.
4. Make sure the Glue job has the right IAM role with access to required Redshift cluster and S3 bucket.
5. The IAM role in the COPY command within the Glue job must be the same as the IAM role associated with the Redshift cluster.

Refer Code\Glue -> Glue script.txt for the final code.

This Glue job loads the Redshift staging layer from S3 and then invokes a Redshift stored procedure to join the Staging data and Reference (customer) data to load the Redshift final layer with enriched data.

Refer Code\Redshift\Redshift stored procedure.txt for the Redshift stored proc.







